Hello everybody, let me get my chat open and just give me a one, if you can see you
too, if you can hear, hey Bill, I just want to make sure everything's tick-to-tick-to-boo.
Hey Steve, good to see you back man.
James, Patrick, Francis, Simon, awesome, I've got a lot of people coming in today, this
is going to be a good webinar, got some amazing, amazing stuff to show everybody, I just want
to make sure that this is being recorded by Fathom, let me just grab my Fathom linker,
get in the meeting bowl, let's go over here, okay here, let me add this guy, and we'll get
started here shortly, oh of course, she don't want to let me in, alright, whatever, no Fathom,
we'll just get a replay, Jeffery got fireflies in here, hey Charles, fellow Canadian,
VanCouver Island, my folks are on VanCouver Island, they're up in Port Alice, way north west,
beautiful man, I love BC, yeah London, what's London Neil, I'm assuming the UK London with
Neil Cheesman as your name, but it could be from London Ontario, yeah I figured,
alright guys, I don't want to spend, yeah it's god country, it's awesome, I love it there,
BC is just world class, and all of it, all of it is amazing, alright so I don't want to waste a lot
of time saying hi and stuff like that, I want to get right into it, I hope you guys don't mind that
because we've got a lot to cover, and I don't want to keep you here forever either, so number one,
we are recording, number two, there will be a replay, number three, I'm going to make you an offer
today, okay, so let's get that out of the way, you know it, hopefully you know it, but before I
make you that offer, I want to show you what we've got, why it's so amazing, it's always your
decision of course to take that offer or not, let me see, someone saying turn up the volume, let me
see if it might, now we're pretty good man, can everyone else hear me okay, just adjusting my mic
here, is everyone else hear me good, loud and clear, okay, well it's on here and then, so yeah we
got a lot to cover, I am going to make an offer, it's not going to be cheap, okay, so if you want
to leave right now, that's okay, but I like just telling you what's going to happen before it happens,
and what I want to start with guys is basically, you know, proof, some of the stuff that's been
going on for me, for the people that are in my private student's groups because it is nothing
short of unreal, okay, AI has a lot to do with it, our systems have a lot to do with it, our
processes have a lot to do with it, and it's in a market, it's the lead gen and rank and rank
market, okay, local SEO, it's in that market, so if you're into that market or want to be into that
market, that's cool, it's also for business owners, okay, any business owners that really want to
like ramp up their business, we've got something for you, anyone that wants to start their own business,
this is an amazing, amazing place to start, so we're talking about a lot of different things here
today, and what I really want to start with is showing you what's going on and showing you how
you can leverage this for your situation, whether it be you do lead gen, you do SEO as an agency,
you're a business owner or you're an entrepreneur, you want to start your own business
in what I believe is now the best business in the world, and I've been doing this for a long,
long time, okay, a little history of myself is just I've been doing internet marketing since I've
been 18 years old, and that's now 30 years, I'm 48 years old now, 30 years I got my first computer
got on the internet, and after looking at boobies, because I was 18, I was like wow, that was when
the internet was a cul-in-ote, I was like make money, and you know what I mean, and so instead of
attending class, I was actually on the internet learning how to make money, so I have a lot of
experience with the online world, I've been in and out of it, I've had real jobs, I've been a
musician, I've been a bartender, I've fixed printers, I've just had this massive, massive history
of online marketing, but the one model that I always come back to is lead gen and local SEO,
I just love it, it's the easiest one in the world, you get to choose your locations, you get to
choose your niches, if you're in lead gen, you don't have to be handed your location and niche,
like with an SEO agency, you basically work on a client that's in a location in a niche and you
don't get any choice, you get to keep anything that you build, meaning you're working and building
for yourself, and that's different than an SEO agency, so the model to me is just, it's the best,
when you look at the whole big picture, and I've done so many, I've done affiliate ads since email
list build marketing, I've done local SEO lead gen agency, I'm also a software developer now,
in the local SEO space, I really just loved local SEO, and I found a process that worked,
and I leveraged it into software, and now I'm 10 years into a software development career,
but I'm still involved in SEO, and the people around me are still involved in SEO, so I teach it
as well, so with that said guys, that's enough about me and this, I'm going to share my screen,
and I'm going to turn off my camera, so we can focus purely on the screen, so let me get
that going right now, and we're going to start with something pretty insane, so I'm going to click
that, and I'm going to turn off my video, all right, give me a one guys in the chat, if you're
able to see the Zagio rank tracker, okay, I'm going to pull my chat up here, get my windows out
of the way, awesome, great guys, thank you, so what I want to start with is real transparent proof,
and I love transparency, I believe that what I have here is so good that I don't want to hide
anything from you, the more I can reveal, the more I can share, the more I can show you the truth
of what's happening, I think that'll benefit you better, so I want to look at a couple domains,
and what I'm going to show you guys is the system we built has the ability to build entire websites,
optimize them with design, with content, with schema, in literal minutes, okay, less than an hour,
and these things are starting to pop, like recently within the last I would say four to six
weeks, we're starting to rank these sites, okay, number one on Google, or first page on Google,
in first it was like in 30 days, right, and we're talking no links, we're talking we buy the domain,
we build the site in an hour, right, and then we just let it sit there in Google, and they
started, first it was like 30 days, and then we was like, oh man, we got one up in like 10 days,
and then seven days, and next thing you know, it's like 72 hours, six hours, okay, and we're seeing it
more and more and more, and not just me, the members that I teach, the people that work for me,
like Sergey Anchu, who hopefully is on this webinar, and you'll get to hear a little bit more from,
and it's just working insanely good, now there's reasons behind why it's working insanely good,
because as we develop better processes and better ways to look at things, that helps the process,
right, it sets you off in the right direction starting out, so we're eliminating all this
guesswork and all this indecision to take fast, cheap, efficient actions, so a site that I built
with a guy named Mike Veal in my private community, Mike Veal is a five figure per month rank and rent
lead gen earner, who heard about me, and wanted to check out what Zagio was about, my software that
builds the websites, and I said let's get on a webinar, I will build a website for you,
we'll record it, and you know, then you can see how this works, so the webinar that we built
was Pool Builders Davien, you can see the date, and today's date by the way is March 27th,
okay, I'm just showing that for all you replay people, March 27th, but we built this website live
on a recorded call on February 26th, so it is 30 days old, okay, but what I want to do is show you the
history of the rank tracker, so Pool Builders Davien, it's a town in Florida, apparently a rich one,
okay, there's Pool Builders Davien, here's the rank tracker inside of Zagio, we have the ability
to track the keywords that we're going for, and I want you to take a note of the volume and the
CPCs, okay, so if we look at search volume history, Pool Builders Davien is anywhere from 500 to
300 searches a month in the CPC, meaning what Pool Building companies in Davien are paying for
on average is around $23 a click, so we're not talking about really random shit keywords here,
right, that's easy, and a lot of people are like yeah, but you're ranking number one with crap,
and it's like no, we're not, we're ranking number one in big cities in tough niches, right, and I'm
going to show you lots of examples here to start out, so again, we registered, I registered this
register this domain on February 26th, okay, there's the lowest database, you can look this up
yourself on Goldaddy, and let's look at the rank tracker for this over time, so here's February 27th,
41, okay, but in my course where I was teaching people how to do this, I showed them that it is ranking
number six in Canada within six hours, which is a signal that it's going to resolve around the
world really high, so February 27th, 41, and then by March 7th, which is literally 10 days later,
number two in Google, for that keyword, really, really good, and then I hear a lot of people say
yeah, but they don't stick, right, well here we are March 27th, okay, it's still number two,
and I have more examples, okay, so let's put away the examples that we have, because
another one that I built, Scott Stale General Contractors, registered this year, January 23rd,
2026, so let's go down to that guy, and there's the keyword, Scott Stale General Contractors,
590 searches a month in the General Contracting niche, and a $25 CPC, again, we're not talking
shit sites, like if these generate leads for companies, these are going to be really, really valuable,
so we registered that on January 23rd, okay, and the rank tracker on January 25th was number four,
and then it did its Google Dance, which we see it a lot all the time and settled, and you can see
now number one, and you guys can, I see Andrea searching it on Google, go ahead, search
she's on Google, if you want the domains right there, okay, I'm not going to do it myself, but if
you feel like you need that extra bit of, you know, proof and leverage, that's fine, do it,
I've had people tell me that I built this software, so I fudge the rank tracker,
I think it's hilarious, I don't need to do that, it's actually working, okay, so and then number 10
for this keyword, these other inner page keywords, not as strong, but the main keywords that we're
going after with our EMDs, I love EMDs, which is an exact match domain, we're ranking them fast,
and again, zero links, zero links, okay, so there's Scottsdale General Contractors, let's do another one,
and this one was really great, right, and guys, there's going to be a ton of questions today,
and what I'm going to do is I'm going to ignore your questions right now, so I don't break my flow,
because again, I do have a lot to cover, but at the end, I will stay on and answer every single
last question that you got, okay, in detail and show everything. This one was great, commercial
plumber Austin, because I wanted to prove that my methodology worked, so in one of my Facebook
groups, I said, listen, anyone give me any location or give me any niche, and I almost certain,
I can find a way in, right, whether it's New York or Phoenix or plumbing or roofing or HVAC,
I can find a way in and get a result, and so somebody said something in Austin,
and I found this commercial plumber Austin, I'll show you how I find these domains, because it means
a lot, and when I showed it to him, he's like, it's no good, you know what I mean? It's not valuable,
and the search volume isn't that great, I was like, dude, it's commercial plumbing,
like those jobs are not cheap, right, so I don't need a lot of leads to make the site valuable,
and he thought it was kind of competitive, and it's like, it's not, not at least according to
how I analyze things, I don't think it's that competitive, so in order to prove it, I was like,
fine, I'll build the site, so I went and built the site on January 2nd, 2026th, okay, commercial
plumber Austin, let's find that one, there it is, okay, the main keyword 260, it can swing up and
down, right, so anywhere from 170 up to, you know, 480, but commercial plumbing in Austin, Texas,
okay, when did we register, we registered January 2nd of this year, and our rank tracker on January 6th
shows it on the first page, did its little dip, and by the 18th, it's moving up, and you can see by
February 4th, which is the beginning of last month, we're in the number two position, now we've
secured number one, again, no links, right, and we're doing this in less than 30 days, less than
14 days, less than seven days, we're getting better and better and faster and faster at doing this,
at getting these sites up, and they're beautiful, by the way, if you want to look at some of these,
okay, we can actually take a peek at these, okay, so this one's actually not that beautiful,
it's okay, commercial plumber Austin, K full sites, right, some bunch of services, we'll go to
Scottsdale General Contractors, take a peek at that one, and remember, these sites are being built
in less than an hour, in less than an hour, right, for a total cost of about $15 to $20,
remember back like when AI wasn't as big as it is now, and we used to pay like $20 for every
article on every page, give me a yes if you remember the days of like, I want quality content,
I got to pay $20 for it, and now we're to the point where it's like, we've built a system where it's
like, well how about this, how about we build you a site in less time than it used to take you to buy
an article for less price, and we'll give you a fully designed website, right, with all the pages,
all the content, and all the schema in less time for the same or less price, right, and that's the
power of what we're doing today, so does everybody, you know, can I move forward and talk, do you
believe me first of all that, like this is happening, right, those are three of the great examples,
of course it doesn't happen every time, but when it happens, damn does it ever happen, right,
so let's then thank you, I see you guys believe what's happening here, okay, so guys,
what I believe most people are getting wrong about SEO these days is there's too much information
going on in their head, there's too much misinformation about what it takes to get these kind of
results, and people have kind of like an analysis paralysis, or they're working too hard on the wrong
things, right, and they think it, you know, you guys tell me like typically if someone was to go
into a Facebook group and say, you know, how long should it take me to rank, you know, a pool builder
site in Davie, or a contractor site in Scottsdale, how long should it take to rank well in Google,
right, like 60 to 90 days, or SEO agencies when they're working with these kind of companies,
you know, we'll get you those results in 30 if you're really good, 60, 90, right, I think that's
pretty common knowledge, or pretty common old school knowledge, another big one is that you need
like tons of backlinks, tons of citations, right, you need a GMB and lead gen, there's all these
fallacies, or all these beliefs that I think people have adopted as real, right, and that's a problem,
and I'm here to show you and prove to you today that it doesn't take long, and I've already showed
you that, it can happen in hours, right, you build a website in an hour, and the next morning you
wake up and you're ranking number one and you're generating leads, right, or within a seven days,
right, that's pretty damn good, you don't have to build backlinks, like sometimes you do, but the
better you get at the system of the boat to show you, the less you need to rely on backlinks,
because we show you how to find your way in to the big cities or the hard niches by looking for cracks
in the armor, like how can I get into Phoenix, how can I get into roofing or plumbing or water
damage, we show you how to find your way in so that you can get these kind of results with very
few links, right, I need to be really proficient at SEO, now you don't, like there used to be in my
model lead gen, there used to be two main core skills that you had to be good at, one was SEO,
right, because you need to rank in order to generate traffic in order to get leads,
then you need to be good at sales if you're doing like a rank and rent or lead gen thing,
because once you're generating the leads you have to be able to sell, but with the system we built,
we've eliminated the SEO technical aspects, we don't do keyboard SEO, we do AI SEO, I've taught
the system my specific process of optimizing every page on your website for the right keywords
that are transactional, not informational, and will bring you the traffic that converts to leads,
okay, and that's a part of the reason these sites are doing so good, when we fully build them
and index them to Google and Google goes and crawls the site map and sees what the site, it is
on point, every page is on point, right, so we're feeding them like just pure focus,
and we're satisfying the algorithm like 100%, right, so you don't even need to be good at SEO
anymore, okay, you need to wait months, no you don't, so all these things that you need surfer
optimized content or content optimization, or you need citations or you need all this shit,
and it's like look, if I strip it down to what do I need in order to get these kind of results,
it's this, number one, I need a good domain, okay, EMD, I love EMDs, but I can do it without an EMD,
I need a good solid niche, okay, that shows that the front page of Google has a weakness in it,
I need a well optimized site and a bit of time, and then if that doesn't work, a few links,
nothing else, if I didn't say it, it's because I don't do it, and I don't need it, and if you're
asking, well what about this and what about that, again, if I didn't say it, it's because I don't
need it, I don't need an address, I don't need a GMB, I don't need citations, I don't need social
stuff, I don't need CTR manipulation, I don't need to optimize my content, I don't need any of that,
and I'm still getting these results, so it's kind of a refreshing thing to think,
maybe I've been doing too much of the wrong thing, and not enough of the right thing,
right, and I'll tell you that this system, guys, and this process that I've been doing,
it worked for me way back in 2015, the very, very first site I ever wrote a guide on was called
Pull Resurfacing Phoenix, and if you know me, you've seen me show it before, okay, I ranked that
site number one in Google 10 years ago, it's still there, it's got a client, okay, it's generating
him leads, we've got a deal, and it's just never gone away, and yes, for everyone that's like,
what, you need a GPP to get leads, no, you don't, no, you don't, I don't do GPP, and I still
am generating leads, and I still have clients who pay me every month because we don't need the GPP,
is a bonus after you get this part, right?
Okay, you can generate leads in hours.
You build a website in an hour,
and even if it takes you seven,
even if it takes you 30 days to rank,
which is becoming more and more common with me and my students,
you can generate leads with work at.
And I'm going to show you how to increase the amount of leads
that you can generate.
We're not just talking about one thing.
So that's kind of all the old way of doing things.
And if you guys could just put down your guards,
you know what I mean, I'm not sure if you have them up
or put down your old belief caps and just say,
yeah, I'm willing to listen.
I want to see how you do this, right?
I will do it live right in front of your face
and kind of give you a little bit of the magic
in how this happens.
So do you guys want to see me build a site right now?
Give me a yes if you're involved.
And you might be thinking shit,
like this is going to take two hours.
It's not.
It's going to take me.
I'm going to aim to have this done in the next 30 minutes, okay?
All the way from I have no idea.
I'm going to log into my name,
cheap account.
This is where I registered my domains.
So that when I find a domain,
I can purchase it live on the webinar.
And I will build a site now.
Am I going to rank it number one on the webinar?
No, probably not.
But guess what?
You're on the webinar.
And if you're watching the replay,
I'll have the rank tracker link.
Okay, I'm putting my money where my mouth is.
I have the rank tracker link there
and hopefully we'll find something good
and we'll be able to rank that pretty, pretty quickly.
Even if it takes me, you know,
a week or two weeks or three weeks
or I have to build one or two links
because sometimes you do.
I'm going to try not to.
But if I will, I'll update you, right?
So let me just grab my login code here for name cheap
because we're going to go find a niche first.
So while I'm doing this,
to make this really, really transparent,
you guys start suggesting
either a city
or a niche.
And I'll pick one at random
and we'll go from there.
And it can be hard.
I used to teach,
don't go after things like New York or Phoenix.
They're too big or Los Angeles
or worship,
but it doesn't matter anymore.
It just doesn't matter.
We can always find our way in, right?
So let me get
cheap and then I'll
I'm like looking at all the comments
and trying to log in at the same time.
So there we go.
I'm going to submit that.
Okay, I'm going to pull that off off the screen for now.
And then what we're going to do is load one software
that I created for one purpose.
And that is purpose number one.
Like I said, I only need a few things.
And the first one I need is a good niche
in a good location.
I want it to be profitable.
And there's only two ingredients
to this.
There I want it to be profitable.
And I want it to
to be easy to rank, right?
So we're going to use a tool that I built
called Killer EMD.
And I'm going to go to New Search
and I'm just looking.
I see water damage.
I mean, that there's there's nothing
more valuable than water damage.
So I'm going to pick that one, right?
You guys like water damage?
Give me a yes if you like water damage.
I could do like Los Angeles
or like a big city.
Yeah, let's get going.
So I'm not even going to type in
I will type in water damage.
Okay, I'm going to type in water damage.
Okay, and then I'm not going to explain too much
about how this works.
That's not what I'm here for.
I'm just here to show you this is what it does.
Right?
So I'm going to choose water damage.
I want my search volume.
Let's go between 300 and 800 searches
of months.
That's typical of these these kind of keywords.
I want a pretty high CPC at least $20, right?
I want meaning I want businesses paying good money
for when these water damage keywords pop up in adwords.
And then negative keywords.
I'm not interested in anything with like job
or companies because that's two directory style.
And I'll just click next and you can see how fast this is.
I'm going in the United States for this.
I love the US because I'm Canadian
and your dollar is so much stronger than ours.
So if I make a deal with an American,
I get paid an extra 40% on top of my bill.
So this one found 267 results, meaning we found 267 keywords
that contain the word water damage
with three to 800 searches a month.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
So what I can do now, what I like to do,
typically myself is I just want to go
after like lower count words
and look for meaning like like water damage.
But I need a location in it.
So water damage Charlotte 320 searches a month
anywhere from 60 to $25 a click.
So I'm going to check if there's a domain available.
There is a dot org.
I'm going to check the get kill score to see how
basically how hard it is to rank.
Okay, so I'm going to look for a couple more.
We'll check a few.
There's the reverse dot net dot org.
Water damage sub floor.
And you can see a lot of them don't have a location.
I always want a location in it.
Portland water damage restoration.
Apparently, I've done water damage before.
Seattle water damage.
That's all gone.
I'm just going to do a few.
I'm going to pick one and go.
So let me go to the next page.
Portland.
Oh, we recheck that.
And there's so many guys.
There's DC water damage.
I like that.
That's DC is in district of Columbia.
The reason I like DC.
Just a little tip for you guys.
DC is a location.
But people are typing DC.
Instead of district of Columbia.
And that often means
SEOs don't optimize for that kind of stuff.
So there's usually some options.
The San Diego water damage.
Okay.
And again, guys, I see questions coming in.
But I'm going to try my best not to
water damage repair company.
Or that could be Colorado.
But I like being specific.
Seattle water.
I'm just going to grab a bunch.
And then we're going to pick one and go.
Okay.
So what what time is it?
By the way, 11 11 30.
So we're going to show you how fast this is.
Let's just go see if we got anything in here.
Oh boy.
Okay.
We got a 98 kill score with a dot net
and a dot org available.
If it's gold, that means someone owns it.
So when I check these,
it also checks if there's a history
was the domain registered before.
And if it was registered before, we check the links.
Sometimes we find sites that do have links.
And when that happens, we and they're still cheap.
We build a site.
So like arm pest control.
Actually, I'll go to the rank tracker.
That happened.
That was one of the instances.
This site had pre-existing links.
So I bought it and built it.
And here's the result of that.
Okay.
That's not going to.
Okay.
So I bought it here.
Built it here January 26.
And then I let it sit by February
15th.
Number five finished his dance by March 10th.
Okay.
So that's what 14 days.
And number four.
And now staying.
Okay.
Because I got like some backlinks included
through Killer EMD.
But I like this one.
Charlotte water damage there.
Here's an example.
This one was actually a registered way back in 2011.
And we can just take a look at the archive
and see what it was.
Was it actually a water damage site?
Sometimes when you buy these in the city,
it bad things happen.
So I always like to take a peek.
And I'll check the backlinks on it too here as well.
This shows me the history.
So nothing crazy there.
Doesn't look like much has ever happened with this domain.
So it's fairly safe.
Green indicates so no one ever really used it.
But it picked up a couple backlinks.
Um, just those like,
you know, kind of scrappy backlinks.
Nothing crazy.
So I'm going to buy it.
This could be good.
This could be bad.
But we're going to go into water damage.
Charlotte water damage.
I'm going to add that to my cart.
I'm going to check out.
And I'm going to confirm the order.
And there you go.
Now I own that domain.
Charlotte water damage.
Oh, no, I don't want to hear that.
Sensitive information.
Sensitive information.
Okay.
So now it's being sent.
So that's killer EMD.
That's how fast that happens.
And I can do this in Eddie City and any niche.
I mean, it's just crazy good, right?
And the kill score guys 98.
Those are awesome.
Okay, up up and up in the 98s,
it means easy to rank.
The higher the number, the better.
I have ranked sites with kill scores down in the 60s
with very, very few links.
Simply because the other side of picking a good niche
that's profitable and easy to rank in killer EMD
is we build really good websites.
We optimize really well, right?
So we can close that and that.
And now you can see name cheap is ready to go.
So next, I need to launch a hosting account.
Well, part of our systems, Agio,
allows you to go to this tab right here hosting.
If you're on a plan with us,
you can literally launch a hosting account
right inside the system without whipping out your credit card
because it's just charged in the credits
that run the entire system.
So I'm going to close that.
And I'm going to launch a new hosting account.
I want it added to cloud flare for that layer of secure protection
to hide the IP.
It tells me here is your name servers to update.
So I'm going to update my DNS to my new cloud flare.
And the hosting part of this guys is like one of the icing's
on the cake of this entire process
because I can host a lot of sites for very, very cheap inside of
Zagio and I'm already done.
By the way, I just update those and then I sit here and wait
for about 30 seconds to 60 seconds
while it's pulling for those changes to happen.
And as soon as that happens and it's done,
it will install the hosting account for me and hand me over the keys
but it will also install WordPress
and then install Zagio on it.
There you go.
Its name servers are configured correctly.
So do I want to install WordPress?
Hell yeah, I do.
So now it's installing that for me.
So I don't have the hosting on name cheap.
I bought the domain on name cheap
and I said point this domain to these name servers
and those name servers point to this hosting account
that is defined cheap hosting inside of Zagio.
Depending on the plan you're all,
so Zagio works on a credit-based system.
You buy a monthly plan and you get credits every month
and then your hosting is deducted from your credits.
But if we transfer that into US dollars
depending on the plan you're on,
it's between about $2.20 to $1.40 per month
per hosting account per site.
We could use Cloudflare for domain registration.
You can do whatever you want.
So there you go.
There's my Zagio Cloud hooked up.
So if you want to see what the hosting account looks like
we can actually open that up.
And I'll grab the username and the password.
Okay, because hosting is,
and this is just a brand new feature
that we just launched into this system.
This is also the same system.
It's going to track the rankings, manage all the sites.
There's my hosting account.
There's the domains I've started building.
Okay, there's my mail.
Everything I need in the hosting account is right here.
It's all organized.
I don't have to have a separate.
Billing stuff.
It's all built in for anywhere from like I said,
from $1.40 to about $2.20 or $2.30 per month per site.
It's super, super easy.
Okay, the hosting account is set up.
Have you ever seen such an easy hosting process?
Like it can't get easier than that.
And that's part of the reason I love it.
In fact, it's so fast.
If I were to click on this right now
to log into the new WordPress admin,
I probably would get an SSL certificate error
because the SSL is still resolving.
So let's see if it's live yet.
So there you go.
Too many redirects, which means the SSL is still resolving.
So we got to wait about another three or four minutes
for the SSL to fully resolve around the world
so that we can get this build ongoing.
So right now I'll take a moment and answer some questions
if you have them.
Is there any, can we add pros to the end of an EMD?
Sure, you can.
That makes it a partial match domain.
I don't think it's as strong.
And there's, to me, there's so many opportunities
for exact match domains that why would you
want to weaken that case, right?
There's no,
like one thing I know now, guys,
running tools and having like thousands of users
is like there is no shortage of opportunities.
And I'll talk a little bit about why there's no shortage
of opportunities.
Like just because I rank, let's say I do rank Charlotte water damage,
does that mean the whole entire niche
of Charlotte water damage is gone because one guy ranked?
No, not at all.
And I'll tell you why, because there's a lot of other ways
that people are searching for Charlotte water damage companies.
All of those search types become another opportunity, right?
So I could literally launch,
I don't know what the research is going to be,
but I could literally launch like 10 or 15 different websites
and capture different search entry points
with multiple websites.
And if it's only costing me maybe an hour of time
to launch a website and only $20 to launch the website,
why wouldn't I do it?
And if you're a local business owner on this call,
give me a one.
Typical local business owners have maybe one site, right?
One main site and they work on it and they work on it and they work on it.
I have a cleaning client, Calgary,
who pays me every month to launch new websites for her
because she wants to capture it all.
You'll end up ranking multiple sites on the first page
or you'll end up capturing something on one site
that you couldn't capture on another.
And if it's $20 to launch a site at an hour,
why wouldn't you do it for your business, right?
Capture all the leads.
As a lead gen, how many instances of Charlotte water damage would I build
as many as I can find?
If I really want to dominate that market, right?
But water damage, there's water damage, water restoration,
water damage restoration, there's mold, right?
There's all these phrases like this whole thing
in one location and water damage,
probably amounts to hundreds of opportunities.
Times how many cities in the US,
times how many business types,
it is unending, guys.
It is unending, right?
Ken, you've seen a lot of these rank and rent sites,
but there are no leads.
If your site sucks and doesn't convert,
it's not going to be good.
I've experienced this myself.
I thought SEO wasn't working.
It was my conversion architecture.
Conversion rate optimization we'll talk about,
but just because you rank on Google doesn't instantly mean you generate leads.
You have to know how to generate leads.
First comes the ranking, second comes the traffic,
third comes the conversion.
Right?
So if you have a shitty website ranking number one,
yeah, you're optimized for Google and you're pleasing that audience,
but you're failing at converting your real visitors,
and that's called CRL.
So SEO is for Google.
CRL is for your visitors.
We do both.
Talk more about conversion.
Okay, I'll do it when I get to the conversion step.
Okay.
So there you go, guys.
We're resolved now.
The site is live.
Let's build.
Okay, so I'm going to get my credentials.
I'm going to log in.
Okay.
And this is where we're going to start doing lots of cool stuff.
It's not just speaking of conversions.
How do you know you're converting poorly?
Well, two ways.
One, you've got no leads, right?
You know you've got traffic because you're tracking traffic,
but you have no leads.
That's a massive conversion issue.
But what if you have no traffic and no leads?
Is that a conversion issue or is that a ranking issue?
You have to understand both.
How much traffic am I getting?
I have to be getting in traffic in order to convert.
But if I can't get traffic,
I don't need to worry about conversions,
because it's never going to convert,
because no one's showing up.
Right?
So let me save that.
And so what we do, guys,
and it's one of the first things I'm going to do here,
is I want to set up for conversion tracking.
And I do that with another software I built called Ring Robin.
Okay.
So what I'm going to do is go set up a conversion tracking
and call tracking lead tracking event.
Because conversions mean you've converted a visitor
into a lead,
and that lead can come in a couple of different forms.
Maybe they text you.
Maybe they submit a form on your website.
Maybe they call you.
Right?
Those are going to be the three big areas.
But no matter what they do,
I want to track against how much traffic I'm getting.
Right?
So I'm going to set up a campaign to take care of all of that
for me in one go.
Right?
So I'm setting up Charlotte water damage in Ring Robin.
Okay.
So I'm going to create that campaign.
And then I'm going to go into that campaign.
Okay.
And we're going to set it up to do exactly that.
So the first thing I'm going to do is go on this thing called
chirps, and I'm going to say I want to configure tracking.
So continue installation.
So I'm going to copy this little script.
I'm going to go back over to my Zagio SEO plugin.
First, I'm going to connect it to my account
so I can manage all of my properties very easily.
And I'll show you that in a second.
So I'm going to just connect it.
Because all we did was install the WordPress plugin.
Which by the way, if you look up the Zagio WordPress plugin,
has insanely good reviews.
Okay.
I won't do that now.
I just hope you'll trust that I'm not lying to you.
And then I'm going to go into SEO settings on the plugin.
Go to scripts.
And these are header body footer scripts.
And I'm going to put in the Ring Robin code snippet.
And what that's going to do is track everything.
And then I can see conversions.
Right?
So let's verify that it's working.
And there we go.
Installation success.
So there's my traffic.
The other thing I want to track is phone calls.
So let's go to and get a phone number.
So I'm going to buy a new number.
And first I'm going to look up.
Charlotte.
I don't even know where Charlotte is.
What did we get here?
Charlotte water damage.
That's Charlotte North Carolina.
Is this a big city or a little city?
I don't even know.
Okay.
So Charlotte NC.
It's big.
Oh wow.
3 million.
It's huge.
Okay.
Cool.
So now we're in water damage,
which is kind of a tough niche.
And we're in a tough city.
So this could be good.
So let's go buy a phone number.
City.
Does anyone live in Charlotte?
Big for NC.
That's still a pretty down big city.
3 million.
Okay.
Let's find a phone number.
Okay, so there we go. We got a phone number. I'll purchase it for $1.15 from Twilio. Yeah, smart ass. I like that though.
Assign it to the campaign. Okay, and make sure that we're tracking calls. So there's my phone number.
I now have a phone number where I can track calls.
I now have the trip script where I can track traffic, right? And that's going to help me measure conversions.
So I'm just going to grab a couple of information for my little doc here, right? Because there's our site. There's our phone number.
And what's the last thing I'm going to do? I'm just going to go and create a quick little form so that I can capture what?
I'm already capturing calls and texts because I have a phone number now. I'm already tracking traffic because I put the script on.
And what other kinds of leads do I need to track? Are you guys listening paid attention?
Forms. Yeah, so I want to build a form. I'm just going to build it quick because I can edit it always later. So I'm just going to say name, email, and phone number.
And then I'm going to make it transparent. I can do literally everything later on. I just want to save that form and get the code so that I can apply it to my website.
So we've started building, by the way, we're 15 minutes into this. Well, we haven't actually started building, but this is all a good practice for it. So get in bed code.
Okay, you have three options. JavaScript is what I like. So there's money, my in bed code.
So there's my little doc of things that I need, right? And one more that I might want.
I'm going to create an email address that's going to be fake. I don't even need to actually create it.
Vote that because anything that gets sent to that email address is actually going to run through ring robin anyways.
So there you go. I don't even need to worry about it. If you have questions about that, we'll cover them later.
So the next thing I want to do is feed my before I build my site. I want to feed it some information about my new business, right?
And that means what is my business name? We're going to call ourselves Charlotte water damage.
Okay, and our business city is going to be Charlotte.
And our business province or state is North Carolina country.
USA zip or zip or postal code. Let's do this.
Charlotte water damage. We're going to go into one of these things to get a zip.
There you go. That's a nice one. Pretty central. I like that. Google reads it.
So to the AIs. Okay. And then our phone number. Yeah, we have a phone number. So let's put that in there.
Okay. And the reason we're putting all this in here, guys, is because when the site gets built, we want our information in the content of the site in the schema of the site in everything of the site.
Right. We want it relevant. Maybe another reason why we rank so fast.
If I chose to, I could have added social media profiles and added them. But there we go. I got my basic business information in there.
So the next thing I'm going to do as far as I'm going to think about my design.
I'm going to go to Zagio settings. And I'm going to pick one of our templates. Okay.
We have 165. Okay. All over the place. So I can start by saying looking for water damage and we have one.
But I don't have to. I can literally take any template. And if I change the images, so like rodent proofing, for instance.
If I just change the images, which is really easy to do. Instead of a rodent site, this now looks like a water damage site. Right.
So 165 layouts. We're going to stop calling them local templates because you can literally do anything.
But for the sake of being easy, I'm going to just stick with the water damage one we have. Let's take a quick preview of it.
Well, boom. Can you redirect the phone to ring? Yes. I'll cover questions in a bit, guys. All all that good stuff. Okay.
So we're going to select this template. And you can install Elementor free pro or Gutenberg with that template.
Yes, we are recording. And yes, we will email the replay. Is this good stuff? I feel like it's.
If you're asking for a replay, you might be like, damn, I don't want to miss a thing.
Okay. Yeah, it's really cool. It's like I said, guys, it's really, really fast. What we're doing. We've built.
I just love our system. Okay. So there you go. What the template did is it's installed those pages for me.
I forgot to run the easy WordPress cleanup, but whatever that doesn't matter. But we get four page template, a home page, a legal page, which is branded a privacy page and a contact page.
They're all branded with our designs so that we have a fully cohesive look across our entire website when we build it.
There's one thing I want to update before I go. Okay. And it's this service page. And I do this because when I build the site, the service page is the only page that's going to have information.
On multiple pages, it'll use this template and duplicate it out for all the additional pages. So like if it's like water damage, mold remediation, water damage restoration, all that stuff, this page will be duplicated for those additional pages.
So I like having this page done correctly. One other thing and I won't do it now, but I'm going to add my call tracking form here.
Or sorry, my email form. So I'm just going to add a custom HTML element.
And I'll put that in there. Okay. And then I would go out and I would change this image to something. So like if I go back to Scottsdale, general contractors, you'll notice if I go into one of the inner pages.
Like the inner pages actually have, oh, apparently a cat. But like we swap the images out. Let me show a different one.
Atlanta, local movers, Atlanta, so you just help me with this one. So there you go. Let's go into the inner pages for this one.
You can see the images. We put our logo and our phone number on the trucks and all that stuff for all of the images so that it looks really branded. Now when we talk about conversions.
You know, if the site doesn't look real or look look like a real business conversions are probably going to be bad.
So we handle that. We have a software called trust made media that builds you about 20 fully. It even builds you a logo.
First it builds you a logo and you tell it what your business name is and your phone number and your color palette.
And then it builds you 20 images for your website with AI that are like branded to your site.
I'll give you one more example of that.
I don't need to show it to you because all you do is you put in your information. It designs a logo and then it does the imagery.
So like this right locksmith. There's the logo locksmith putty London.
And there's the guy and here's all these images that vehicles workspaces another one more example. I won't build it live.
Okay, maybe later in the Q&A Miami matchmaker like a pretty girl and like there's the owner of the company and like here's like some like we brand it right.
We brand it. So there we go guys. So that's one other thing I would do.
But really what I want is I want my call tracking number. I want like the right images in there.
And then this form I don't want I want my ring Robin form. So I just I just delete that and I add the custom HTML.
Okay, minor minor changes. There you go. Save and then one other thing the map.
We should probably update the location of the map from San Francisco to whatever it is.
And it original and we're going to go into Charlotte North Carolina. Right.
So we'll click that.
And location.
Charlottes.
And see did I spell it right there we go. That's Charlotte. Okay, so safe. Done.
So let's go do the keyword research now to find all these really goods. That's the setup. Okay, so let's go do the keyword research now to find all the really relevant keywords.
So that the AI can build our site on top of that starting point, right.
So for that we're going to go over to Zagio and then we're going to go into something called agent X.
Okay, which is our website builder.
And we're going to say what city.
Well, Charlotte. Right.
I can even say Charlotte North Carolina. I don't believe there's two charlots in the US. Does anyone know if there is.
I don't know.
Like sometimes like springfield for instance, you probably want to be pretty specific with the location. Right.
So enter a keyword or sorry, any your city. Charlotte.
And enter the keyword.
Water damage.
Okay, so there's our main keyword that we're going to search Google for.
Because who has the best information about the best keywords that rank on Google.
The people who are already there. So we're going to select.
American. I like the local sites. So it does say recommended.
So we're just going to go with that. Okay, it's going to analyze two sites.
It doesn't even matter that I misspelled Charlotte. Or are you saying there's another city called something that's slightly different.
Yes, rank and ring robin forms do come with honey pot anti spam built in.
So there's our keyword research plan.
Okay. And all I'm doing in this step is making sure that my groups make sense.
So we have smoke damage water damage water damage will smoke is different than water.
So let's put that over here. Let's put these water damage.
Water. This one is water damage. So see how I'm just moving. Oh, this one's restoration.
Restoration, restoration, restoration. So let's put those over there.
And we'll put this water mitigation. I don't know what that is.
Let's just leave it just in case water damage cleanup. Water damage repair.
Let me add a keyword. I'm just going to because I need a little thing here.
Okay, so there we go. And then I'll delete this keyword.
So you're just kind of dragging and dropping your way to like something that makes sense as far as these are the pages that I want to build on my website.
Delete selected keywords here. So like, for instance, what's going to be the home page?
Maybe the keyword cluster that most club closely represent Charlotte water damage, right? That real root thing.
So water damage Charlotte and water removal. That's different. So this would probably be my home page.
We have water damage restoration, restoration, restoration, restoration.
So that makes sense.
Restoration companies. That's a little different than water restoration.
So I'm going to actually get rid of that.
Okay, and this isn't hard to do. You can see so smoke damage is a little bit different water damage.
That's my home page. You can't have three home pages. You can only have one.
And I'm selecting which one of these is going to be my home page. Water damage.
Here we have cleanup restoration.
Oh, this is smoke. So I'm going to create one new group.
So I'll just click this button to create an empty group. And I'm going to move that smoke one.
I guess because water and fire damage often come together.
Is that all right?
I like the companies. I mean, there's smoke damage. The companies that do the restorations.
Okay, so we have a page for smoke, a page for water damage restoration.
So I would say that's restoration.
I'm going to keep that over here. That's restoration. We can delete that.
And we have water damage cleanup.
Right, then we have water damage repair, water damage removal.
And well, I'm going to leave those two together. You guys can do whatever you want, but there's my plan.
Okay, so let's run agent tax. Continue.
So what it's going to do now is it'll go analyze the AI is trained on what to do with all that data.
It's going to look up the data it needs to know how to make the best optimize optimization decisions based on the keywords that we found from.
The top ranking sites for the root of the domain that we're building. Does that make sense guys?
How I backwards said that.
So then it's going to optimize each of the clusters, meaning the title, the URL, the description, the H1.
Based on that cluster of keywords, it's going to find out what keywords are going to give you the best bang for your buck.
Meaning it's got the most search volume for the least amount of competition on Google.
That's what we'll optimize for, but we won't ignore anything else.
We'll just put it on the back half. It's really, really good at it.
Then it's going to create the pages in WordPress. Then it's going to put the content on the pages.
Then it's going to write the schema. Now the good part about the content.
How does it know what to write about?
Well, it writes about the optimization, right?
Whatever the optimization says, the title you were all description H1 provides the AI with a really good seed of what to write about.
The template provides it with a format, right?
And then, well, how does it know what to write for schema?
Well, now it has content and optimization and keywords to work with.
So that part generates based on all the data that was done before it.
And then says, look, for this page, the best schema property is going to be this.
Or the best schema type is going to be this and the properties we need to use are this.
And it'll do it all for you. And it'll reach into that profile data that you put in early on with your business name, address, location, and inject it right into your schema.
Probably another reason why we're ranking so fast is every page has the right schema on it.
And it's good, right? You can always change it.
But literally, guys, like, I'm pretty much done what it takes to build the initial part of this site.
And when I say an hour, it hasn't even been even close to an hour, right?
We've only been on this webinar for 57 minutes.
And my site's being built for me.
This little process will take maybe seven to 15 minutes depending on how many keyword clusters you have and stuff like that.
But you walk away and you come back and your site's ready.
And then you apply the final touches. So while that's actually running, I will show you trust media because why not?
Okay, this is where we generate the brand, the brand kits and watch how awesome this is.
Okay, so what, what was our, it was Charlotte water damage.
Okay, so I'm going to create a new, and let me show you the finished product first.
So like the gutter site that we did, I had to create me this logo, gutter Jacksonville, and then it creates these images like a workplace, a guy working on some gutters.
And then some before and after gutter shots, apparently those are pretty bad, a workplace vehicle.
That's my tracking number, right?
It creates nice, brandable stuff.
It creates a nice footer image or hero image, right?
It creates an owner profile, a team profile. So there's the team.
There's the owner. There's the shop.
There's the storefront.
There's image one, image two, if you don't like something, have him working on a rich man house, right?
Like boom, you know, it just change it.
And it just does it. It's trained on the back end again by AI, how to build stuff, right?
So, right, and when this is related to conversions, that's what we call the trust made media,
because when people arrive on your site, they want it to look like a real business.
You want it to look like local movers Atlanta, like oh shit, that's a real track, like that's a real,
like we're doing our best to generate conversions.
And we're using Ring Robin to say, hey, you know, we got 100 visits this week, or this month,
and 20 of them, you know, 10 of them did a call, 10 of them did a form.
And you go to chirps tracking, and you can see all your conversion data, right?
I don't want to show too much stuff, because I got mine, my shit in there.
So now we're on to images.
Let's go see where our website's at.
Okay, it's still running.
How did you get the contact form to look like you have it configured?
You just do it in like this.
You just use the trust made media. So this is Ring Robin right here,
like your name, zip, email, phone number, and you can choose like in Ring Robin,
when you're building your form, let's go back into Charlotte.
And we go to forums. I can edit that forum.
So this is the preview of what it'll look like to be anything I want.
Right? There's all kinds of options in here for you to make the forum do whatever you want.
Also get notifications like when people submit the form.
Do you want to receive a text message? Do you want to receive an email?
Do you want your clients to receive a text and an email?
But then the stuff or so this part of the form, I guess it's, you know, right there,
is Ring Robin. This is just adding a little bit of text above and below it.
And the forums literally every time it's submitted, you can have your phone,
ding ding, like ring and ding, like, you know what I mean? Or your email, that's what I do.
But I want everything going through Ring Robin because what I used to do guys
is I used to use stat counter to track my traffic.
And then I would use thrive themes or elementary to track my forms or some form software.
So my traffic data is over there on stat counter.
My form submission data is over on my plugin or on my form builder.
But then my call data was in call rail or dial hoc.
Three really important pieces of information to measure conversions properly,
living in three different systems.
So then I have to amalgamate it all on a weekly or monthly basis.
Okay, here's my traffic for the month. Here's my calls.
Here's my form submits for the month. And here's my texts.
Put it on a spreadsheet and then run some calculations to get my conversions.
That's annoying.
I just put the form in the call tracking all through Ring Robin track the traffic right here
and it tells me instantly what it is.
Right?
GA4 probably can track all that, but you got to know how to use it and set it up.
And GA4 not sure because I don't use it how they handle calls on the site.
Right and texts.
So I guess I don't have to build this.
Do you guys want me to build a logo just to show you how it works real quick?
I want to be fast. We've got more to cover.
Okay, what is the name of your company?
water damage next I'll be fast okay where you located while we already know
that Charlotte like you want good images that are branded you got to give it a
bit of reference point A.I's good when it has reference what industry you
in water damage demand water damage contact details show my phone number and my
website on the images so my phone number is going to be like this and my
website is going to be like this with those in the images okay what kind of
company are you you can switch it around it generates different types of
images based on what type of company you were on if you have a logo it can
create branded images for the logo you already have but if you want to create a
logo like I do I'm just gonna go okay find water damage let's let's change the
yellow to like a green like a sick or a nice green and let's change this a
little darker so that it's you know there I don't know maybe this one will be a
little lighter there we go there's our water damage colors choose wherever you
want choose your logo tight press continue let's get three A.I. models to
generate a logo so we can pick the best one it's all about speed and efficiency
in this system so that you can launch two five sites a week right so while
that's running guys good time to ask questions if I have asked one that's
pretty good with this you could eliminate reporting software keyword
rank tracking software and more yeah we can eliminate a lot of stuff and we
have let me grab this one I like it I'm gonna use this selected logo I'm gonna
request one revision on this logo put the icon to the left of the words okay I'll
request one revision how many pages should you create how many pages did the
keywords tell you to create so we're almost done here it's building the site for
us we found the keywords that supported up to six pages I could do more keyword
research and add more pages I could do more locations and add more pages but for
the initial build I'm going with here's the keywords we found from the top
ranking sites in this location a niche and when we break them up into services
that's six so we're building six yes reporting for keywords has white label could
you do a site per keyword 100% that's exactly what I was saying earlier mark I don't
know if you came on later but every one of those keywords and actually that let's
let's talk about it because I wanted to mention it and you brought it up again
anyways so we have six pages K and 11 keywords across them okay and you could build this
in this in this in this in this in this in this in this in this because again we used to pay
$20 for an article now we're paying $20 for a website websites are becoming almost
disposable in a way like keep your core website is your core but these little lead
gender websites because they rank fast and they do well and we'll we'll show I know everyone's
like well you don't generate leads with these things and AI is gobbling up all the leads we'll
talk about that that's not true partially true but isn't enough to destroy this business no it's
not it's not you just haven't gotten if that's the case I don't want to insult anyone but I think
you haven't gotten good enough at lead gen and efficiency of it yet but this system makes it
really really good so there we go it moved the icon over approve and continue now it asks me what
kind of images do you want I'm going to just say give them to me also I'm going to go to landscape
mode for those so that would be like your business exterior your team photo your owner photo your
workspace your service vans just a bunch of stuff you can choose all of them none of them some
of them it's up to you so there we go who's going to build it nano banana jgbt what output file
format will go webp's include the contact info yes boom done okay now I can walk away and in about
10 minutes I'll have 20 images that I can use in my hero on my pages this and that and it's all
branded to my logo right so we're generating content a as running slow today as anyone noticed
chat gpt is like hammered I think they need more servers this is usually about seven minutes
oh and we didn't see the cost there but I know the cost was about five credits five zagio credits
per page and we did six pages so that's 30 zagio credits and that translates on
depending on your plan it's around six to twelve dollars that you're spending in credits to build
the site but remember it's keyword researched it's optimized it has content design and schema all
for that same twenty dollars or six to twelve right it's it's thanks AI like you have compressed down
costs in saying reviews are important for business how can we get reviews your way ahead of where
you need to be first you need traffic and then you need customers to get reviews so let's focus
on the things we need first right get the site ranking get a client on there and then start
collecting reviews and if you think you need reviews in order to get leads you're wrong because
we're getting leads without reviews right so look at again like if we go back to the like I would
say if you're in like the bigger financial niche or like you know spending big money like a mover
and a tree service guy and and those shits like the read there these aren't real reviews right now
they're just placeholder reviews but it's real enough that when a user doesn't need to make a big
decision like I need to get my tree cut down you know this is enough for them to say hey give me a
quote right or if you're building a deck they don't need but if you're going to invest two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars with a financial advisor they're going to do some pretty heavy research
into that financial advisor so for that reason pick your niche appropriately right
and Mike says no you don't need reviews to get leads or customers reviews are part of the trust
part of things not the initial conversion we always build in order right so like I reverse your
reverse engineer everything and I and I think backwards from my goal
to how do I get achieved my goal so if my goal is to rent a site
or a grant per month I need to send leads enough leads to justify the guy sending that well how do
I get leads that comes from traffic right well it comes from converting traffic which means you need
CRO right well where do I get traffic from rankings where do I get rankings from my website how
do I get my website to rank you got to optimize it well so you got to do one step at a time you're
worried about you know reviews which is like way up here when it's here isn't false reviews illegal
I've never had a policeman come to my door and the minute that I get a company on this we put
their reviews on it not mine we put their logo on it not mine right and whose rules is it breaking
is it Google rules is it police rules is it something you go to jail for ask yourself these things
different people have different ethics and you work within your ethics right so if you believe
that it's illegal and you don't want to do it and you believe advertising rules then don't do it
right what's ethics
what's ethics okay uh last part it's writing the schema yeah it's just way over thinking it I agree
with that comment you're like way over thinking it looking for problems before they even ever come
or arrive or it's like dude go build a site put it up and and and and do it right and if you don't
want to put reviews don't in bank okay let's see what we're right here this is almost done actually
probably the pages are already there so we can start taking a peek at some of them so here's our
smoke damage let's go take a peek at it um open link a new tab so smoke damage restoration Charlotte
North Carolina we got our form of course again I would put a little bit more time care into like I
would have swapped these out but I want to be quick on the webinar but it doesn't take long and
you can see everything on the page all the contents done right so smoke damage restoration and
smoke damage for step smoke damage smoke damage let's look at detailed SEO smoke damage restoration
Charlotte North Carolina experts and services smoke damage restoration the H1s smoke damage smoke
damage our four step process why they choose us benefits frequently ask questions great for schema
let's take a peek at the schema there we have a web page for a local business called Charlotte water
damage with that URL there's our description our phone our number our address schema it's all done
it's all done across all the pages in minutes live on a webinar from let's find a niche to lake here's
a site right you guys see the power in this how many would you build 20 dollars and less than an hour
how many would you build and if they don't work out what do you do with them flip them get rid of them
whatever it's so cheap and fast it doesn't matter anymore so go even the hosting's taken care of
and you manage it all with your rank tracking inside your central dashboard right here
presadium where all your websites are right at your fingertips to do whatever you need to do
yeah flip it flip it for a hundred bucks like if it doesn't get you what you want
go build another one one here or here or here or here or here or get out of Charlotte or go back
to killer EMD and start over there's an unending supply trust me
and build another one and flip it here I'll sell the site here for a hundred bucks you know 50
bucks 500 bucks thousand bucks whatever it's how good you are at selling shit how good can you make
it look right what about building 10 or 20 or more service city pages here why not yes also
do you have to refresh the content on a regular basis to keep it ranking I know I haven't touched
any of my ranking sites ever like rarely ever the only thing we do after this is going and add
those little things like those little trust made media imagery right can you see it coming in so
there's our Charlotte water damage it's got our little heavy on the logo usage they're broke
but there's our company right for Charlotte we'll see how fast this all is that's so good right
Charlotte water damage in the office taking calls there's a van parked right in the office
these images are good though yeah right sometimes they're not right sometimes they are
but it's the fact is we can generate them so fast and then edit them to be what we need like
who parks a car in the house right it's funny to me it's like that's okay anybody like so you
request a revision don't park the car in the house right but boom there's all your
and that's conversion imagery for your websites to make them feel more real so that you collect more
leads so that your site has more value so that you can rent it for more money
up the ladder we go whoop
can you show me an image that shows a couple of guys replacing a sewer line well it's an image
of a couple of guys replacing a sewer line you know what I mean it's not that hard
you just tell it to do it but yes it can do it you just have to if you think these images are good
then you'll have to trust that it can do that image pretty good too right
John do you believe that you have to SEO your images with geotagging in order to rank
because you're asking like how I do it which is kind of a sumptive that I do I don't
if I didn't say it I don't do it the only thing I do with my images is I give them a file name
like Charlotte water damage business and Charlotte owner or water damage owner like the file name
of the image right okay what am I going to do next so I want to show you guys like how insane
this shit is so I showed you what did I show you at the start it's not just me
pool builders davi number one and six no links costill general covered that covered that
Phoenix plumbing co covered that killer md we kind of covered that
SEO Maui Carolyn I want to show you Carolyn okay so there's an offer right you guys know that there's
an offer where we not cover
let me play you one one video from Carolyn who is in my group
because it's I'm just so proud of her and of course let me
recognize this share go to more okay let me see if this works okay guys
and then and then I'll show you what what my big expense of offer is and see if you guys
think I'm out of my gourd or not where is that oh here it is
okay one sec I'm going to play this I'm not the best with a zoom
okay here we go open
okay now I'll have a keyword ranking at three and six nice no backlinks no backlinks
love hearing it would you mind sharing the rank tracker graph oh shit a thousand
click on either one of those okay uh so uh where do you want me to go that purple line for the
number three ranking keyword click that and that's going to bring up there okay this
to be probably here you know I was super depressed thinking oh my gosh
and then I haven't really even paid attention and look at this look at you even hit number one
you satisfied the algorithm enough wow you satisfied so that tells me you're going to number one
awesome awesome job and that's a bang or keyword too that's a thousand's big right well and then
the other one too is pretty good a thousand oh yeah this is huge and this is mold removal like
this is serious business like this is this has got a ton of potential yeah so and no links this is
so great no links yeah and your sites how old it can't be more than two months old you know I mean
I made it when we started yeah so we're up a couple weeks after really that's so good you have no
idea how good that is when you look at the graph right I mean you can see really only started March
first so three weeks three weeks you have no idea how hard that was to do even just six months ago
wow well I would say like nine out of ten sites six months ago would need backlinks now I'm
lucky we're we've cut that numbers so far down Carolyn how many websites have you built before this
I did try a long time ago to build some ranking rent but you know I was never successful
how many websites have you ranked first page before this none we always say first comes the rankings
then comes the traffic and you're one step away from generating leads which puts you two steps
away from being in a position to rent so this is your very very first when how do you feel I feel
great I mean it was really excited to see this you know does it help your confidence that you could
do it again yeah for sure awesome yeah so next week when I get back I'm really gonna start
by wearing you know a cranking them out awesome this is congrats man this is so great this is such a good
site that in a keyword I see good things for this if you keep putting the pressure on it you know what
I mean right right congrats awesome could you hear that hopefully
am I back okay you can hear that great and it's not just me guys like I said it's not just me I'm
obviously very good at it I built the software I know what I'm doing I was doing this before I
built the software I built the software to make it happen faster as you can see right everything
ring robin software the Zagio software the trust media software the killer EMD software all of it I
built it all for this purpose this process okay so where we are right now on the screen can you
see the screen I'm in school dot com that SK OOL dot com this is my free community where I just
have everybody come in here you don't see my screen oh sorry let me share it um tell me see it now
